Hey, hey, hey.
Have you been waiting for this day for a long time?
Hey, you fool
What the hell are you doing?
Don't you just want to do business?
When I finish this ticket, I will give you a big deal
Oops you stop
One more step and I'll shoot you right now
Kill the city, you know the defense rules in Wohu Mountain
What kind of mental method is violent crime?
heartburn
Skin cramp
Since you know it, let go of the big brother soon.
Big brother, why should he be big brother?
Just because he hides behind every time he goes shopping
Enjoy rushing to the front of the grave
Or do you trade with your brother's life?
You have to take the money to enjoy abroad
Or by him
You are such a fucking ungrateful thing
If it weren't for the boss's reminder
You are still on Peace Road.
Sleep with a bad motorcycle repairman
Haha, to have today's status, remind me
I have been with you for more than ten years
Every time it's around my neck, I've never been cowardly once
I'm still a pony
And you suck
I rode on my head as soon as I came
Be the fucking second master
Gu Zodiac husband dog eye, you
Silly Qiang, do you think you are stupid?
Do you think being the boss is all about fists?
Chu Sanfeng is stupid to pretend to be garlic for me
Don't think I don't know who you are
The ancient city bear is easy to die, and you can't live either.
Ancient City Bear, I will let you die today to understand.
You don't claim to be able to see people's hearts
See through the darkness of human nature?
I'll tell you what.
Your favorite lunatic
His real identity is actually not to move